Q: What causes bias?

○ Biases are learned from our families, our social groups, and the media.
Bias is caused by the media.
Biases are caused by the opinions of our families.
Bias is biological, we are born with it. 

Q: What is the fundamental attribution error?

○ When you say your bad behavior is caused by the situation, but when other people display the same bad behavior, it is caused by a personality trait.
When you incorrectly assume a cause and effect relationship for two correlated variables.
When you believe your ideas are normal and that the majority of people agree with you.
When you believe your chances of experiencing something negative are lower and your chances of experiencing something positive are higher than others.

Q: Which of the following are actions that can help combat implicit bias? (Select three.)

○ Interacting with diverse groups of people.
○ Exposing yourself to “counter-stereotypical” examples.
○ Cultivating awareness of your own biases.
Obtaining your information from the same one or two media sources that your family and friends access.
Surrounding yourself with others who have similar experiences.

Q: When conducting an opinion poll, which of the following biases do you need to guard against the most when collecting your data?

○ Sampling bias
Misclassification bias
Modeling bias
Correlation bias

Q: Which of the following is an example of a cognitive bias?

○ Anchoring bias
Modeling bias
Misclassification bias
Correlation bias

Q: Are criminal justice risk assessments race-neutral?

○ No, the data is biased as it reflects historical bias.
Yes, algorithms replace human judgement and they are unbiased.
No, it is designed with intention to be unfair. 
Yes, technology in itself is not racist.

Q: Which type of bias causes people to trust an automated decision-making system (ADS) over a human’s decision?

○ Automation bias
Confirmation bias
Complacency bias
Implicit bias

Q: How can confirmation bias impact us socially? (Select two.)

○ It can lead to groupthink, which can in turn halt forward progress.
○ It can impede socio-political cooperation.
It can lead to a diverse set of friends.
It can prevent us from being social with other people.

Q: Which of the following describes an illusory-correlation bias?

○ When you incorrectly assume a cause and effect relationship because two variables are correlated.
When you incorrectly assume a correlation because there is an illusory confounding variable.
When you correlate a variable with a confounding variable.
When you correlate variables that do not exist in your data set.

Q: Which of the following is one explanation for why cognitive biases exist?

○ We receive too much information and are overloaded. 
We use them to help remember things.
They help us think logically instead of emotionally.
They are taught to us in school.