Q: Which of the following defines the AI black box problem? 

○ The challenge of understanding the inner workings of opaque systems
Not being able to know how something crashed or failed
Machine intelligence making something illusory, like pulling a rabbit from a hat
A dangerous machine intelligence put in a digital prison

Q: Which of the following elements are important aspects of ethical integrity with regards to data? (Select two.) 

○ Whether the data was gathered in an ethical manner.
○ If the holders of data are trustworthy entities.
What type of data (audio, visual, etc.) is being collected and/or utilized.
If the data is commercially viable or monetarily valuable.

Q: Which of the following best describes why data is sometimes compared to oil? (Select two.)

○ Data can fuel algorithmic technologies.
○ Data can be monetarily valuable.
Data can damage the environment.
Data can be easily monopolized.

Q: At what point should ethical consideration ideally be applied to emerging technologies? 

○ From its inception, through maintenance, to applying foresight regarding its decommissioning.
Once an ethical issue has received negative feedback in public media.
During periodic reviews, with ongoing customer feedback solicited.
Upon delivery, with appropriate warranties where necessary.

Q: Which of the following describes dual-use or multipurpose data? 

○ Data collected for one application that could also be applied to another application in a different domain.
Data that can be transformed into multiple forms, e.g. extracting audio from a video file.
Data that can be easily shared with a partner or family member for mutual enjoyment.
Data that can be used in multiple devices or formats, such as a video on a Smart TV, tablet, and computer.

Q: Which of the following are important ethical elements to safeguard within ethical AI systems? (Select two.)

○ Accountability and management of bias.
○ Transparency and explainability, balanced with privacy.
Performance and optimization.
The number of layers, tensors, or parameters used in a model.

Q: Which of the following is the generally agreed upon current state of the art of AI? 

○ Narrow AI
Strong AI 
Superintelligence
Perceptrons

Q: Which of the following describe important aspects of why emerging technologies are so capable and powerful? (Select two.)

○ They may be able to self-improve by learning from data.
○ They can automate very complex operations.
They are exciting and captivating to many people.
They can displace workers by performing their jobs more efficiently. 

Q: Management asks someone to do a data-related task. Which of the following would likely be ethically problematic? (Select two.)

○ Delete any erroneous data.
○ Manipulate data or alter its interpretation.
Change data to another format.
Aggregate data together.

Q: Which of the following describe important aspects in the role of an ethical AI engineer? (Select two.)

○ Keeping up with the latest developments and vulnerabilities.
○ Cleaning and sorting data, and auditing for bias.
Writing new equations to express intelligence.
Building and maintaining computational hardware.