Q: What does “ethics by design” mean?

○ An approach in which ethics is considered from the initial design stage. 
A creative design approach as the focus for ethics.
A reference to one of the tenets of engineering activism.
A reference to the framework set forth by IEEE’s Ethically Aligned Design.

Q: Which of the following describes why explainability is important?

○ It provides accountability and trust.
It provides interpretations of a system’s actions.
It is necessary so that internal stakeholders can understand how a system works.
It enables you to explain a system for shareholder purposes.

Q: Which of the following describes personhood?

○ Personhood is often used to dictate how something is treated. 
Personhood is the legal protection provided to AI systems.
Personhood is a concept that applies to narrow AI.
Personhood is an individual’s right to freedom. 

Q: Which of the following describe how adopting ethical practices can be a strategic differentiator? (Select three.)

○ It will support the development of strategic partnerships.
○ It will encourage applicants to apply for your company.
○ It will build customer trust.
It will ensure you comply with regulations.
It will reduce your business obligations toward customers and business partners.

Q: Which of the following best describes beneficence?

○ Beneficence is the promotion of well-being, not just for moral agents like humans, but of animals, the environment, and societies.
Beneficence is a term coined by IBM that relates to their Green Horizons initiative in 2014.
Beneficence is the promotion of efficient systems that perform rapidly and benefit companies.
Beneficence is the promotion of well-being for moral agents like humans.

Q: What is the difference between beneficence and non-maleficence?

○ Beneficence refers to “do only good” and non-maleficence refers to “do no harm.”
Non-maleficence refers only to malevolent artificial general intelligence (AGI), while beneficence can refer to any “good” emerging technology.
Beneficence is a less important goal for the field of AI than non-maleficence.
Beneficence and non-maleficence are quite similar and often interchangeable.

Q: Which of the following are valid concerns regarding electronic personalities? (Select two.) 

○ That they would create unfair advantages, as not everyone has access to the same rights.
○ That they would absolve manufacturers of liability.
That individuals would start applying for electronic personalities.
That they will make it more difficult to access information.

Q: Which of the following are ways to participate in engineering activism? (Select two.)\n 

○ Follow a code of ethics.
○ Engage with the public.
Perform all tasks required of you.
Follow ethics by design.

Q: How can AI uphold justice?

○ AI systems can be designed from the start to help promote fairness and minimize bias.
The more AI-based products being used in the justice system, the more justice can be upheld.
AI systems can replace human judges, who are often biased.
AI can automate many of the clerical tasks involved in the justice system.

Q: Which of the following are examples of how AI can limit human autonomy? (Select two.)

○ Weapon systems can limit human autonomy as humans may not have decision-making capability or understand the decision making.
○ AI systems might impact certain vulnerable groups such as the elderly and children differently than the rest of the population, which could limit those groups’ autonomy.
AI systems can assist individuals with automated, repetitive, or dangerous tasks.
AI systems can perform tasks that humans cannot, such as processing millions of data records in a matter of seconds.