Q: Which of the following, by itself, qualifies as personally identifiable information (PII)?

○ A user’s home address
System events added to a log
A user’s customer ID in an online ordering system
Temperature readings for an office building

Q: Why are groups like race and religion considered protected classes?

○ These groups have been used as the basis for wholesale discrimination.
These groups can be used to personally identify someone.
Organizations are legally not allowed to collect information about these groups.
People use these groups as the basis for their identities.

Q: Which of the following describes an opt-out policy in regards to the collection of private data?

○ Data about the user is automatically collected unless that user explicitly states that you should not do so.
Data about that user isn’t collected until that user explicitly states you are allowed to.
Data about the user is never collected, regardless of the user’s consent.
Data about the user is always collected, regardless of the user’s consent.

Q: Which of the following are key principles of privacy by design? (Select two.)

○ Organizations must incorporate privacy protections throughout the project lifecycle.
○ Organizations must be proactive in protecting against privacy risks, not reactive.
Organizations must keep the focus of privacy protections on the business rather than the user.
Organizations must not expose the operational practices and technologies used to protect user privacy.

Q: What is the purpose of differential privacy?

○ To enable parties to share private data without revealing individuals represented in the data.
To only allow certain parties to access certain portions of the data.
To ensure the data is completely confidential and cannot be read by unauthorized parties.
To remove the direct identifiers that can be used to identify individuals.

Q: Which of the following describes the concept of liability?

○ The legal responsibility for one’s actions.
The moral duty one has to take action.
Answering for one’s actions to an authority figure.
Taking ownership of an assigned task.

Q: What does it mean to call a click-through agreement a “contract of adhesion”?

Both parties are legally bound by the agreement.
One party is forced into using the service after agreeing.
Both parties are equally responsible for ensuring the agreement is adhered to.
○ One party is forced into a “take-it-or-leave-it” situation.

Q: Which of the following is a type of technology contract that establishes the goals of both parties and describes how those goals will be achieved?

○ Service-level agreement (SLA)
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Terms of Service (ToS)
End-user license agreement (EULA)

Q: How does a smart contract differ from a traditional contract?

○ Smart contracts eliminate the need for a central authority.
Smart contracts guarantee that all parties are anonymous.
Smart contracts are more effective than traditional contracts.
Smart contracts serve a different purpose than traditional contracts.

Q: How can a visual contract be easier to understand than a written contract?

○ The use of pictures with simple text makes it easier for the layperson to understand the details of a contract.
The use of pictures without any text makes it easier for most people to comprehend the details of a contract.
The use of pictures explains the contract in greater detail than a written contract, making it easier for anyone to understand the particulars.
The use of pictures is more accessible to all people, whereas a written contract may be difficult for someone with a reading disability to understand.