Q: To which of the following groups would a code of ethics not be applicable? 

○ Data subjects of the data-driven technology system
Business managers of the data-driven technology system
Designers of the data-driven technology system
Developers of the data-driven technology system 

Q: Which of the following constitute internal stakeholders in the context of a code of ethics?

○ Designers
Policymakers
Data subjects
Regulators

Q: Which of the following constitute external stakeholders in the context of a code of ethics?

○ Regulators
Developers
Business managers
Designers

Q: How can you identify potential areas of concern for ethical practices when developing a code of ethics? (Select three).

○ Obtain feedback from stakeholder focus groups.
○ Identify prior issues with your product or service.
○ Research similar organization’s ethical mistakes and concerns.
Rely on your own personal experiences.
Rely on the requirements of government regulations.

Q: Which of the following are possible causes of the limited adoption of a code of ethics within an organization? (Select two).

○ Lack of clarity in the code of ethics
○ Lack of awareness of the code of ethics and where it is meant to be applied
Comprehensive coverage of areas of concerns by the code of ethics
Prescriptive language used in the code of ethics

Q: Which style or tone is recommended for a code of ethics? (Select two.)

○ Plain language
○ Prescriptive language
Legal language
Subjective language

Q: Which of the following is a problematic reason to pilot a code of ethics prior to widespread deployment?

○ The pilot phase helps to identify gaps in the current code of ethics. 
The pilot phase demonstrates the seriousness of the organization with respect to its ethical responsibilities. 
The pilot phase helps to develop awareness and buy-in from the relevant stakeholders in the organization.
The pilot phase helps to stress test a code of ethics in a real-world situation.

Q: Which of the following is a reason to periodically update a code of ethics document? 

○ It signals that you care about ethics to internal and external stakeholders. 
It is a fiduciary and regulatory responsibility for the organization to do so. 
It allows you to capture the evolving nature of the ethical risks of the product or service that you are developing. 
It reinforces the presence of the code of ethics in the minds of the employees.

Q: Which of the following will ensure that a code of ethics is widely adopted within the organization? 

○ Including the code of ethics in the legal documents signed by the employees.
Writing the code in legal language to ensure that it is compliant with the laws of the land.
Making a public announcement with the creators of the code of ethics. 
Integrating the code of ethics deeply into the existing workflows within the organization.

Q: Which of the following are reasons to design, develop, and deploy a code of ethics within an organization? (Select two).

○ It compels employees to operate in an ethical and integral manner. 
○ It creates consistency in the ethical practices across the organization, rather than patchy implementation of the practices.
It prevents regulatory scrutiny of the organization’s practices.
It lets external stakeholders know that you are an ethical company. 