Q: Why is corporate governance important when thinking about ethical considerations for the development of data-driven technologies? 

○ It provides an accountability framework for stakeholders of the organization to prevent ethical violations.
It helps the organization showcase to its customers that it has ethical guidelines.
It binds the employees in a moral code that limits the kind of actions they can engage in. 
It helps the organization have a document to point towards in case an ethical violation occurs.

Q: Which of the following would be the most beneficial stage to hold ethical risk reviews for a new project that your team is undertaking?

○ Conception
Design
Development
Deployment

Q: Which of the following is NOT a common consideration when looking at the major ethical frameworks?

○ Humanity
Security
Privacy
Transparency

Q: Which of the following is an ethical benefit of incorporating fair competition considerations in a data-driven technology ecosystem?

○ Encouraging product or service differentiation 
Lowering product and service costs for the users
Accelerating investments in research and development
Consolidating products and services under a single organization 

Q: Which of the following principle sets are important for the creation of open data that is widely utilized?

○ FAIR
ISO 27001
FATE
ISO 27017

Q: Which of the following is a misuse of intellectual property (IP) when it comes to ethical accountability for an organization?

○ Using IP as a defensive mechanism to eschew transparency requirements. 
Collecting returns on investments made in research and development. 
Enhancing the security posture of a product or service. 
Filing a patent for the IP that makes non-obvious information known to the public. 

Q: Which of the following is an ethical risk if there is non-compliance with legal and regulatory requirements within a jurisdiction ? (Select two).

○ Lack of transparency
○ User discrimination
Loss of profits
Reputational harm 

Q: Which of the following best explains why there is an emphasis on including human rights in the major ethical frameworks? 

○ They are universal and provide scaffolding for all other ethical considerations.
They allow an organization to deliver its products and services in a larger number of markets.
They help to satisfy legal and regulatory requirements and make the product compliant in the local jurisdiction.
They help to provide an anthropocentric frame for the ethical considerations. 

Q: Why are environmental concerns important to consider in the ethical development of data-driven technologies?

○ Data-driven technologies can cause secondary, indirect, or cumulative effects on the environment that might impact people in the long term.
Data-driven technologies directly impact the environment through pollution.
Data-driven technologies directly impact living things via displacement.
Data-driven technologies directly impact the environment through the invasive mining of resources to create the technologies.

Q: Which of the following presents the most important argument for why we need to consider the impact of AI on labor in the design, development, and deployment of data-driven technology? 

○ There might be potential labor rights and human rights violations. 
There is still a need for human workers in human-in-the-loop mechanisms.
There may be an impact on worker productivity if they are not included in all phases.
The organization would like to avoid having to deal with union concerns.
