Q: Which of the following describes ethics washing?

○ Genuine ethical action gets replaced by superficial promises.
Genuine ethical action is used to wash over previous mistakes.
Superficial promises are replaced by genuine ethical action.
No attempt is made towards genuine ethical action.

Q: Is an open door policy equivalent to ensuring employee voice?

○ No, because an open door policy does not ensure employees feel heard.
No, because an open door policy is the opposite of employee voice.
Yes, because an open door policy is essential for employee voice.
Yes, because both allow employees to speak up.

Q: Which of the following might be a risk of not having an ethical organizational culture?

○ Employees might face cognitive dissonance.
Employees might be less interested in their careers.
Employees will experience a faster approval process to get a product launched.
Employees are more likely to express their opinions about the company. 

Q: Which expression best characterizes what a company or organizational culture is?

○ “This is how things are done around here.”
“It is what it is.”
“This is how we want this done.”
“This is what we’re told to do.”

Q: Which of the following describes change management?

○ A collective term for all approaches to prepare, support, and help individuals, teams, and organizations in making organizational change.
A collective term used to describe how employees are able to voice their concerns to facilitate change in their organization.
A collective term used to explain how organizations facilitate change in a product after receiving negative feedback.
A collective term for all approaches to prepare, support, and help individuals, teams, and organizations in fostering an ethical organizational culture.

Q: Which organizational resource is most commonly used in terms of fostering an ethical organizational culture?

○ Human resources
Financial resources
Physical resources
Informational resources

Q: Which of the following describes the purpose of having an Ethics Board for a data-driven organization?

○ An Ethics Board can help maintain an organization’s values-based intentions and increase transparency into how they use data-driven technologies.
An Ethics Board can help maintain an organization’s values-based intentions and decrease the inherent dangers of autonomous technologies.
An Ethics Board can increase transparency into how the organization uses AI or autonomous technologies.
An Ethics Board can help maintain an organization’s profit margins and increase transparency into how they increase their profits.

Q: Which of the following is a potential benefit of having an ethical organizational culture?

○ Employees will feel a sense of responsibility and loyalty.
The company will get an increase in stock value.
More employees are likely to switch careers.
Employees are more likely to listen to their superiors.

Q: Which of the following describes employee voice?

○ The amount of voluntary effort employees are willing to put into communicating suggestions, opinions, concerns, and ideas that can be used to make improvements.
The likelihood of employees voicing their concerns about the company because they want to improve company performance.
The amount of voluntary effort that employees are willing to spend to file complaints about conditions of the company or organization. 
The amount of feedback that employees are willing to share with their fellow coworkers to boost company morale and efficiency.

Q: What is the purpose of ethics training in regard to fostering an ethical organizational culture?

○ To help employees develop their ability to recognize and promote ethical decisions in the workplace and identify ethical and unethical actions and behaviors.
To help employees develop their ability to identify potential misconduct in the workplace and report those incidents to the proper departments.
To help employees develop their ability to follow instructions and identify potential avenues to improve efficiency and output.
To help employees develop their ability to communicate in the workplace and identify actions and behaviors that can help boost company morale.