Q: Which of the following helps to ensure that internal and external ethics policies are adhered to in practice?

○ Having unambiguous procedures tied to the clauses of the policy.
Developing procedures first and then creating policies that reflect those procedures. 
Including detailed legalese in the policy that mirrors regulatory requirements. 
Ensuring the policies have ample room for flexibility in implementation.

Q: Which of the following is an important reason to have a policy owner for internal and external ethics policies ?

○ They can help to bring the right internal and external stakeholders together to help draft these ethics policies. 
They can help to prevent changes from taking place in the policies over time by justifying their choices.
The policy owner will write the policy, relying solely on their personal institutional knowledge.
It helps to have a single person that can be held accountable in case something goes wrong.

Q: Which of the following is a reason to engage in a comprehensive information gathering phase before drafting your internal and external ethics policies?

○ It helps to unearth best practices from peers in the industry. 
It helps to collect reaffirming evidence for your own ethical beliefs. 
It provides examples of possible ethical pitfalls that the organization should avoid.
It saves you effort if you just copy the existing ethics policies from other organizations.

Q: Which of the following is a reason to engage external stakeholders during the development of internal and external ethics policies ? 

○ It can unearth new insights for how the products and services might be used in the target demographic community. 
It can be used as an opportunity to demonstrate your ethical standpoints with both internal and external stakeholders. 
It acts as a shielding mechanism for accountability in case an ethical violation occurs in the future.
It helps to reinforce the cultural and contextual values of the employees by getting external validation.

Q: Which of the following is an important action needed for the finalization of internal and external ethics policies before approval? 

○ Documenting the assumptions and choices made in the drafting of the policies
Discarding open issues to provide a clean slate for the next iteration of the policies 
Testing the policy in an already deployed project setting
Ensuring the policies are the same as those from other peer organizations

Q: Which of the following is an essential asset that helps to operationalize the internal and external ethics policies via procedures? 

○ Concrete examples that show how the policies work in practice. 
A detailed report that presents the various scenarios using technical jargon.
A description of the procedures in the annual report of the organization.
A designated ethics lead who is solely responsible for the implementation of said procedures. 

Q: Which of the following is a key element of communications with internal and external stakeholders regarding an organization’s ethics policies?

○ Simple to follow examples 
Daily communications
Flexible verbiage 
Dense procedural descriptions 

Q: Which of the following is an important reason for continually refreshing an organization’s internal and external ethics policies?

○ It helps maintain alignment with the emergent risks and changing ethical posture of the products and services of the organization. 
It helps demonstrate to senior management that work is being done on the internal and external ethics policies. 
It helps maintain alignment of the policies with the cultural and contextual values of the organization’s employees. 
It helps internal stakeholders justify the release of new product features or service upgrades.

Q: Which of the following is a benefit of using focus groups over surveys? 

○ They allow for deeper engagement with the target demographic community. 
They are an easier way to collect information from a target audience. 
They are a more scalable option for the collection of information. 
They can provide more data through structured information gathering. 

Q: Which of the following is a valid reason for tracking the number and severity of an organization’s ethical violations?

○ It can help provide transparency around the efforts to improve the policies. 
It can help provide qualitative information that can be used to improve the policies. 
It can dissuade end users from scrutinizing the internal and external ethics policies. 
It can replace the need for refreshing the internal and external ethics policies.