Q: Why does the trolley problem pose an ethical predicament?

○ You have to make a choice between two scenarios where choosing one leads to loss of life in the other.
The moral responsibility is split between you and the person controlling the trolley.
There are so many potential outcomes that it becomes difficult to choose one that is most ethical.
You as the actor don’t have sufficient control over the circumstance.

Q: Which of the following ethical considerations should have priority in an emergency situation like the use of contact-tracing solutions during a pandemic? (Select two.)

○ Accountability
○ Privacy
Explainability
Bias

Q: In using AI-enabled solutions within the context of medical imaging analysis, which of the following is the most important ethical consideration?

○ Explainability
Bias
Privacy
Security

Q: If an AI-enabled system enables addictive behavior, which of the following makes for the most compelling argument to stop development work on that system?

○ The system, as designed, acts counter to the well-being of the users.
The user will share more data with the system because of increased use.
There is a lack of accountability on the part of the user since they overuse the service.
The process for obtaining consent has not been made transparent to the user.

Q: Why do smart toys raise additional ethical concerns over those that are raised in the course of other products and services that use AI?

○ Children are more susceptible to manipulation and therefore need extra protective measures.
They are used in the privacy of homes rather than in public settings, like other products or services.
It is difficult to obtain informed consent for the use of the smart toy. 
The smart toys store personal data on the device, which can be stolen. 

Q: Which of the following software development principles is essential in the real-world deployment of AI-enabled software applications in critical scenarios like self-driving cars?

○ Robustness to adversarial examples 
Architectural design analysis 
Version control of the AI models deployed 
Continuous integration and deployment of patch updates

Q: Which of the following is the most important argument in favor of content moderation in online platforms? 

○ It prevents the spread of disinformation that can cause harm to vulnerable populations.
It prevents the development of monopolies in terms of content creators. 
It creates adequate incentives for everyone to share their opinions.
It helps uphold freedom of expression for everyone and doesn’t give anyone special rights.

Q: Why is the question of robot rights and emancipation one that isn’t as important as addressing issues of bias, privacy, transparency, and other principles discussed in the various ethical frameworks?

○ These rights necessitate that robots become sentient entities, which is currently not feasible. 
Humans are anthropocentric and don’t want to extend rights to other sentient entities.
Robots are mechanical instruments and therefore don’t deserve to have rights. 
There is no legal precedent for granting rights to entities that are not humans.

Q: Which of the following is the most important ethical consideration regarding technical developments like deepfakes? 

○ They usurp a person’s likeness and can then be weaponized against them.
They violate data sharing agreements in many jurisdictions.
They take away monetization opportunities, leaving individuals unfairly compensated for their data.
They are built on technological progress made by a third-party organization.

Q: Why are anonymization and pseudonymization insufficient protection measures against breaches of data privacy and security? 

○ They can be broken by combining this data with other publicly available data. 
They destroy the usefulness of the data.
They don’t integrate well into data science and machine learning workflows.
They only work in scenarios with particular kinds of personal information.