Q: Which school of philosophical thought primarily advocates for the greatest good for the greatest amount of people?   

○ Utilitarianism
Virtue ethics
Deontology
Kantian ethics

Q: Which type of entity are the OECD Principles on Artificial Intelligence mostly geared towards?

○ National governments
Private corporations
Individuals
Municipal governments

Q: Which of the following principles are most commonly cited in AI-based ethical frameworks?

○ Transparency and explainability
Human control and autonomy
Happiness and spiritual contentment
Fairness and non-discrimination

Q: Which of the following frameworks primarily promotes human rights?

○ The Toronto Declaration
The Asilomar AI Principles
The Montreal Declaration
The Beijing AI Principles

Q: Which of the following best describes capability caution as referenced in the Asilomar AI Principles?

○ Given a lack of consensus, we should avoid strong assumptions regarding upper limits on future AI capabilities.
We should keep limits on on what artificial general intelligence (AGI) is capable of.
Should there be a greater reliance on AI, measures should be taken to ensure that humans are still capable of finding work.
If there is no understanding of the internal mechanisms of AI, then AI development should be halted.

Q: Which of the following describes the principle of transparency in the context of AI systems?

○ Transparency enables human observers to see inside the decision-making process of an AI system.
Transparency enables human observers to tweak the decision-making process of an AI system.
Transparency enables human observers to understand the decision-making process of an AI system.
Transparency enables human observers to reproduce the decision-making process of an AI system.

Q: Which of the following is a case study that best represents the principle of professional responsibility?

○ The American Medical Association’s definition of AI as augmented intelligence
The IEEE Ethically Aligned Design’s discussion on classical ethics
The Beijing AI Principles’ tenets about the use of AI
The Asilomar AI Principles’ definition of capability caution

Q: If you are attempting to build a new framework for the research and development (R&D) of AI, which of the following frameworks might you look at first for its emphasis in this area?

○ The Beijing AI Principles
The American Medical Association’s definition of artificial intelligence
The G20 AI Principles
The Montreal Declaration for a Responsible Development of Artificial Intelligence

Q: In AI, the principle of privacy is most commonly referred to in the context of which of the following concepts? 

○ Data protection
Transparency
Human control
Personal protection

Q: Which of the following describes an ethical framework?

○ Ethical frameworks seek to mitigate ethical concerns by creating actionable steps.
Ethical frameworks raise timeless ethical questions that are not easily put into action.
Ethical frameworks consolidate regulatory requirements for an industry.
Ethical frameworks apply meta-ethical theories to everyday business operations.