Q: Which of the following are ways that regulations differ from ethical frameworks? (Select two.)

○ Regulations provide a clear basis for potential litigation.
○ Regulations have legal enforcement behind them.
Regulations are flexible in their implementation.
Regulations are often industry led.

Q: Your business handles the personal data of California residents. Which of the following regulations would enable a resident to request that their data be deleted from your company’s files?

○ CCPA
PCI DSS
OECD Privacy Guidelines
COPPA

Q: Which of the following does the Brazilian General Data Protection Act (LGPD) mandate? (Select two.)

○ Data protection impact assessments
○ Data protection officers
Data protection audits
Data protection analysts

Q: Which of the following is a standard or regulation that focuses on ensuring the implementation of strong cybersecurity techniques like network security and cryptography to protect data?

○ PCI DSS
POPI
PIPEDA
FERPA

Q: Which of the following are requirements set forth by the Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA)? (Select two.)

○ Organizations must obtain consent from individuals regarding the collection and use of biometric data.
○ Organizations must destroy biometric data in a timely fashion.
Organizations must store biometric data in local, on-premises databases.
Organizations must not transmit biometric data across an unsecured network like the Internet.

Q: The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) safeguards the privacy of which age group’s personal information? 

○ Anyone under 13 years old
Anyone between 13 and 18 years old
Anyone between 5 and 13 years old
Anyone under 18 years old

Q: Which of the following are advantages to adopting standards frameworks like ISO 27000? (Select two.)

○ International support, recognition, and involvement
○ Formal certification processes that provide competitive advantage
Technology-specific focus and precise implementation instructions
Regulatory weight and legal enforcement

Q: Which of the following is a notable aspect of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) when compared to similar laws and regulations?

○ A stipulation to continue providing service even if data usage is denied
Its nationwide scope and specific national focus
Its exclusive focus on a single domain rather than a breadth of domains
The early date of its inauguration

Q: Which of the following resources does the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) provide to organizations?

○ Reference materials
Measurement technologies
Security tools
Industrial configurations

Q: Which of the following ethical domains does the IEEE 7000 series explore? (Select two.)

○ Emulated empathy
○ Machine-readable privacy terms
Personnel safety
Fair competition