Q: Which of the following best describes a marketing persona?

○ An individual who assists with the activity of marketing
The emotional impression that a customer has about a product or category of goods
A character that encapsulates a brand’s personality
A description of a type of character based upon demographics, habits, and interests

Q: Which of the following best describes the use case for zero-knowledge protocols (ZKPs)?

○ Proving that something exists, but not the specifics
Being made aware of when the battery in a product is past its zero point
Handling divide-by-zero errors in computing software
Choosing what to do when you have zero knowledge of a subject

Q: Which of the following elements constitute PII? (Select two.)

○ Passport numbers
○ Telephone numbers
Device IDs
Cookies and tokens

Q: Which of the following elements should be communicated with end users when negotiating ethical access to a user’s data? (Select two.)

○ The intention behind a certain activity or request
○ A request for consent to perform an action
The monetary value of that data
An offer of money or other incentives to relinquish user’s rights

Q: Which of the following describes the technique of homomorphic encryption?

○ A method of performing operations on encrypted data.
A method of cryptography that hides data inside other data.
A method of swapping public and private keys between hosts.
A method of mitigating biased algorithms through enhanced secrecy.

Q: Which of the following describe aspects of secondary data usage that might increase ethical risks? (Select two.)

○ Additional organizations and processors may now have access to the data
○ Data applied to secondary purposes may expose private aspects or diminish personal dignity
Encryption of data makes it harder to process
Secondary data may be more expensive

Q: Which of the following provide a user with more meaningful choices regarding how their data is being used? (Select two.)

○ Opt-out/opt-in mechanisms
○ Granular or modular control over data usage
The format that the data is stored in
Whether the data is used by a person of a certain gender

Q: Which of the following refer to legal regulations or industry frameworks for protecting data? (Select two.)

○ NIST Privacy Framework
○ HIPAA
ISO 9000
CE mark

Q: Which of the following are prerequisites for high-level digital security and trust mechanisms? (Select two.)

○ Authentication
○ Authorization
Reputation
Kindness

Q: Which of the following describe a process of cross-correlation of data? (Select two.)

○ Discovering new information via inference
○ Comparing multiple data points or sets
Analysing an individual's emotional stimulus and response patterns
Comparing people of different demographic groups