Q: What does the acronym RACI stand for?

○ Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, Informed
Responsible, Accessible, Consulted, Improvised
Relatable, Agreeable, Commendable, Irascible
Redesignable, Accessible, Collected, Informative

Q: Which of the following describes extrajudicial judgment?

○ A ruling or scoring made outside of a court.
Applying law from one jurisdiction within another.
Transferring defendants from one jurisdiction to another for trial.
Unusual interpretation of law outside of its typical meaning.

Q: Which of the following elements might be considered moderately affected in an Impact Level 2 Algorithmic Impact Assessment? (Select two.)

○ The rights of individuals or communities.
○ The health and well-being of individuals or communities.
A loss of life resulting from specific circumstances.
A brief delay in the conveyance of a commercial transaction.

Q: Which of the following describes automation bias?

○ Bias of people towards overly trusting in automation.
Bias against automation by people worried about their jobs.
Bias that is subconscious, committed during a state of automata.
Bias enabled or perpetuated by machine learning.

Q: Which of the following are likely benefits of having defined organizational policies? (Select two.)

○ It supports consistency of behavior and unification of culture.
○ It supports accountability and makes it more explicit.
It supports improved sales and marketing results.
It supports profitable research innovations and intellectual property.

Q: How might a non-stochastic decision tree be considered a black box algorithm?

○ If the model is far too complex to be readily understood by human beings.
If the algorithm is contained within an embedded system.
If the model is expressed in an annotated visual form.
If the algorithm serves as part of a data recorder.

Q: Which of the following are potential ethical benefits of conducting pilot testing prior to the release of emerging technologies? (Select two.)

○ It minimizes the impact of any ethical issues which may emerge.
○ It reveals any gaps in accountability or auditability.
It demonstrates that the system is functional as early as possible in order to satisfy senior management and investor stakeholders.
It certifies that a product’s developers are legally accountable.

Q: Which of the following are important steps to document during an auditing process? (Select two.)

○ Document the audit procedures to be followed.
○ Specify and document what precisely is being audited.
Specify a purpose for the audit or an agenda to be covered.
Provide significant advance notice before an audit.

Q: Which of the following are common key performance indicators (KPIs) within dashboards of data-driven systems? (Select two.)

○ Model training time
○ Performance metrics, such as accuracy and cost functions
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)
Operating cashflow forecast

Q: Which of the following are likely examples of a leverageable third party data-driven or data-related product? (Select two.)

○ Compiled models
○ Data annotation and augmentation tools
Management oversight
Product design lifecycle