Q: Why is it important to categorize ethical risks into different types? (Select two.)

○ It makes it easier for us to identify and manage different types of risks.
○ It helps us understand the many complexities involved in different types of ethical risks. 
It ensures that customers and other external stakeholders know that we take ethical risks seriously.
It helps us consider risk mitigation in terms of universal tactics that apply to all potential kinds of ethical risk.

Q: Which of the following communication tactics help uphold transparency and explainability from the customer perspective? (Select two.)

○ Providing information about data-driven systems in simple, easy-to-understand terms.
○ Providing prompt responses to customer questions about the decisions made by data-driven systems.
Providing in-depth white papers on the algorithms that underlie data-driven systems.
Providing guidelines for how customers can keep their private data secure when using data-driven systems.

Q: Why is it important to engage stakeholders at the beginning of the ethical risk management process?

○ It demonstrates that the organization is committed to accountability and transparency in their data-driven systems.
It lets stakeholders know that the organization cannot address ethical risks in data-driven systems without input from stakeholders first.
It helps the organization avoid legal trouble during the development and deployment of data-driven systems.
It proves that you are completely equipped to address any ethical risks in your data-driven systems.

Q: Which of the following situations would most likely require communication to external stakeholders? (Select two.)

○ The organization’s data-driven service will receive an update that enhances its accuracy.
○ The organization’s AI product has a defect and needs to be recalled.
The organization plans to adopt a new ethical framework to support the implementation of an AI system.
The organization’s change management strategy has been modified.

Q: Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to the organization? (Select two.)

○ Disseminate information in multiple formats
○ Communicate information in real time
Communicate information through a single voice
Provide information only when solicited

Q: Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to society? (Select two.)

○ Be culturally sensitive and culturally aware during communication
○ Ensure communication policies are diverse, inclusive, and equitable
Provide access to information on a need-to-know basis
Limit the flow of information to one direction: organization to public

Q: When conducting a business impact assessment (BIA), why is it important to interview or survey personnel at the ground level, not just managers and other higher-ups?

○ They may have more institutional knowledge about a subject than managers.
They are more likely to be candid and give forthright responses.
They are more likely to find the time to complete an interview or survey.
They have a greater obligation to answer questions.

Q: As a result of failing to communicate ethical risks, the organization’s reputation suffers and customers are less confident in the organization. What direct impact can this have?

○ The products or services the organization creates will have less of an impact in the marketplace.
Customers will find it more difficult to use your products and services.
The organization will be more likely to draw the attention of legal and regulatory auditors.
Morale amongst internal personnel will drop, as will productivity.

Q: Which of the following should be conducted as part of a risk communication strategy in order to ensure the organization is upholding its regulatory obligations?

○ Compliance audit
Ethical risk review
Public relations campaign
Business impact assessment (BIA)

Q: Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to the individual? (Select two.)

○ Ensure individuals feel that they have input into the process
○ Communicate to individuals proactively rather than reactively
Inform individuals of how they are obligated to mitigate risks to themselves
Ensure individuals understand the specific details of each risk they are affected by