Q: Which of the following is a best practice for incorporating diversity, equity, and inclusiveness in communication?

○ Promote an organizational culture that embraces these values
Focus on the organization’s intended message rather than incorporating feedback from external stakeholders
Reassure customers that the organization is diverse, equitable, and inclusive
Ensure multiple groups of people based on race, gender, etc., are communicating in different ways

Q: Which of the following is an important concept to consider as part of building an organizational philosophy?

○ Anticipating future implications of that philosophy
Putting ethical principles into practice
Adopting philosophies already created by other organizations
Considering internal stakeholder needs above all else

Q: The endorsement of which of the following types of stakeholder is most critical when developing mission and vision statements?

○ Employees
C-suite executives
Department heads
Customers

Q: Which of the following is a benefit of providing disclosure statements?

○ It demonstrates that the organization has a commitment to openness.
It enables the organization to mitigate ethical risks.
It creates an ethical framework from which the organization can operate.
It demonstrates that the organization lacks ethical conflicts.

Q: Which of the following is the most important factor to consider when developing corporate reports?

○ Where the data used in the report comes from and how accurate it is
Who the intended audience of the report is
Who is the most qualified person to deliver the report
Whether or not it’s necessary to include financial information in the report

Q: Which of the following are important factors to consider when developing a media campaign? (Select two.)

○ The time-sensitive nature of communication in the campaign
○ The environment in which the campaign will be launched
The risks that will be talked about in the campaign
The effect the campaign has on the organization’s bottom line

Q: Which of the following are distinguishing characteristics of a \"living\" public education campaign? (Select two.)

○ The campaign is continuously improved upon.
○ The campaign fosters a relationship between the organization and its stakeholders.
The campaign must be self-sustaining.
The campaign cannot be modified without the consent of the organization.

Q: Which of the following is a best practice when participating in media inquiries? (Select two.)

○ Ensure your message is consistent
Get your message out as quickly as possible
Divulge only the information that you are required to by law
Only agree to speak to media outlets that are favorable to your organization

Q: What is the benefit of hosting a virtual reality press conference over a traditional in-person press conference?

○ The conference can be interactive without the participants needing to be co-located.
It will be easier to communicate your overall message to your audience.
The participants will be impressed by your leveraging of new and exciting technologies.
The conference will be easily accessible to all willing participants.

Q: Which of the following are important qualities of a press release? (Select two.)

○ It’s in a digital format
○ It’s concise
It’s non-interactive
It’s delivered on a single platform