Q: Which of the following are tools of an effective media communication plan? (Select two.)

○ Video briefing
○ Press release
Public education campaign
Mission statement

Q: What is the purpose of a holding statement in crisis and media communications?

○ To pre-write communications before they are needed
To prevent personnel from communicating prematurely
To order the business to temporarily halt certain operations
To retain the services of specific media outlets

Q: Which of the following are effective strategies when making statements on social media? (Select two.)

○ Being honest and up front
○ Presenting a face of the organization
Communicating only as needed
Focusing on positive feedback

Q: What is the primary purpose of obtaining feedback about an ethical crisis?

○ To make operational improvements
To motivate internal personnel
To appeases concerned stakeholders
To demonstrate compliance

Q: Which of the following negative consequences is the direct result of failing to be truthful in communicating about a crisis?

○ Reputational damage
Discrimination
Financial loss
Security risk

Q: When you deliver periodic statements about a crisis to the media, what should the first statement do?

○ Set the tone of what is to follow
Accept responsibility for perceived problems
Provide in-depth details about the situation
Survey public opinion of the organization

Q: Why is it important to build a “reservoir” of goodwill with the media?

○ The media will be less likely to accuse the organization of being malicious or negligent in the event of a crisis.
The media will be less likely to publish a story about a crisis right away, opting to wait for your approval instead.
The media will be more likely to give the organization the benefit of the doubt in the event of a crisis.
The media will be more likely to advocate for your organization in the event of a crisis.

Q: Why is it important to leverage legacy media like print, television, and radio, rather than just digital media?

○ Not everyone has access to digital media platforms
It is easier to disseminate a message through legacy media channels
Digital media platforms are seen as less respectable or trustworthy
Legacy media channels are more effective at broadcasting a message

Q: Which of the following is a useful strategy when communicating the truth about a crisis becomes difficult?

○ Put all of the information out there at once
Promise to provide information at a later date
Provide information gradually, over multiple communications
Tell some truths, but withhold others

Q: How can sentiment analysis be useful in social media communication?

○ It can shape the content and delivery of the message based on users’ perceptions of the organization or technology.
It can determine which users have the largest influence on your reputation, and therefore which users you should communicate with.
It can determine how to construct a message that influences users to be more positive about the organization or technology.
It can classify customers as loyal or disloyal, helping you target customers differently in your communications.