Q: How does the low likelihood of a crisis relate to its potential impact?

○ A crisis with low likelihood tends to have high impact.
A crisis with low likelihood tends to have moderate impact.
A crisis with low likelihood tends to have little to no effect on its impact.
A crisis with low likelihood tends to have low impact.

Q: Which of the following is the most important idea that a crisis communication program should manage?

○ The public’s perception of a crisis
The individual details of a crisis
Internal stakeholder consensus about how to approach a crisis
The real-world effects of a crisis

Q: Which of the following are important to provide to a crisis communication team? (Select two.)

○ Clear direction on the roles and responsibilities of team members
○ Access to adequate resources
The ability to work independently of the crisis management team
Permission to tell the public what they want to hear

Q: Which of the following are desired qualities when choosing a spokesperson for your organization? (Select two.)

○ Patient when addressing tough questions or concerns
○ Articulate when communicating important details
Defensive when challenged with difficult situations
Lighthearted when dealing with serious topics

Q: The organization needs to ask itself about any quality control issues it may be having. Which of the following processes is most suitable for asking and answering that question?

○ Vulnerability audit
Business impact assessment
Business continuity plan
Lessons learned report

Q: Which of the following practices can help an organization prepare to uphold business continuity in the event of a crisis? (Select two.)

○ Performing a business impact assessment (BIA)
○ Rehearsing business continuity tasks
Evaluating the effects that the crisis has on the business
Informing external stakeholders of suspected incidents

Q: How can you leverage emerging technologies like AI in disaster recovery plans (DRP)?

○ By using data-driven techniques to inform the strategies behind the DRP.
By using AI decision-making systems to decide whether or not a DRP is necessary for your organization.
By using deep learning techniques to bolster the organization’s defense against disasters.
By using natural language processing (NLP) techniques to ensure the DRP document is understandable and free of typographic errors.

Q: Which of the following is the first step in developing an incident response plan (IRP)?

○ Identifying risks
Forming a team
Taking feedback from customers
Consulting internal stakeholders

Q: Which of the following activities are important to conduct in a post-crisis phase? (Select two.)

○ Communicating information about the crisis with stakeholders
○ Discussing lessons learned during the crisis
Performing a vulnerability audit of all affected systems
Restructuring the response team for future crises

Q: Why is it important not to review a crisis too soon after it has concluded? (Select two.)

○ By reviewing a crisis too soon, you may not have collected all of the useful details.
○ By reviewing a crisis too soon, you can exasperate the people involved.
By reviewing a crisis too soon, you run the risk of violating compliance requirements.
By reviewing a crisis too soon, you can unknowingly extend the effects of that crisis.