Q: Based upon studies from conducted by accredited certification bodies and the Lumina Foundation, which of the following is true regarding professionals who hold industry validated certifications?

○ They have greater potential to earn higher salaries than peers without professional certifications. 
They are more likely to be employed by enterprise level organizations.   
They demonstrate higher productivity than peers without professional certifications.  
They are statistically shown to have greater intelligence than their peers without professional certifications.  

Q: When scheduling your exam on Pearson VUE, you will be asked to provide information about yourself. Which of the following do you need to be sure to do when entering this information? 

○ Match the government-issued ID that you will use to verify your identity on the day of the exam. 
Run the speed the test prior to entering your information.   
Have your video camera on and set to the correct aspect ratio.     
Set up a unique email to receive exam information from Pearson VUE.    

Q: Which of the following is a noted difference between a certificate and a certification? 

○ Certifications are issued by industry certification bodies. 
Certifications are granted upon completion of a course.  
Certifications can be accredited.   
Certifications cannot be revoked.

Q:   Which of thefollowing tools can be used to prepare for a certification exam?

○ The domain domains and objectives in the exam blueprint.
○ Summative assessments in Coursera preparatory course.
○ Instructor-led or self-paced courses in the exam domains. 

Q: Which of the following are included in an exam blueprint?

○ The length of the exam
Time and date of your exam
How to schedule your exam
Practice questions

Q: Upon successful completion of your exam, which of the following actions can you take to share your certification with employers and peers?

○ Post your Accredible-issued badge on social platforms such as LinkedIn.
Display your Coursera Professional Certificate on social platforms such as LinkedIn.
Share a screenshot from the end of the exam showing that you passed. 
Forward the email notification from Pearson VUE that you receive upon passing the exam to your employer.

Q: You have scheduled your exam at a Pearson VUE test center. Which of the following should you do before you leave for your appointment at the test center?

○ Check that you have the government-issued ID that you used during registration.
Pack snacks and drinks to have during the exam.
Make sure you have your mobile phone to take photos of the exam room to provide to the proctor.
Verify that you have run the speed test on the computer that you plan to take the exam on.

Q: Which of the following are included in the CertNexus Candidate Agreement?

○ Expectations of personal conduct such as cheating
Instructions on how to schedule your exam
Domains and objectives covered in the exam
List of subject matter experts that contributed to the job task analysis 

Q: Reviewing the exam blueprint prior to scheduling your exam will allow candidates to do which of the following? 

○ Consider whether you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities required to successfully pass the exam.
Practice the skills required to complete the tasks outlined in the objectives. 
Practice exam items that reflect the questions on the certification exam. 
Consider whether you have the required degree or licensure to successfully pass the exam. 

Q: Which of the following is an easy and accessible way to demonstrate your skills alongside your certification? 

○ Post evidence of your accomplishments on your Accredible  profile
Post the link to your Accredible badge on global vendor-neutral blogs
Post a video on social media discussing the value of certifications
Post on social platforms about how proficient you are in the subject area 